|How to use The Kindness Chatbot|

Kindness Chatbot by Pratyaksh Kwatra

Functioning -: 1) Info Button --> Can be used to seek information regarding the Functioning of the Chatbot
	       2) Exit Button --> Can be used to Quit the program
	       3) Send Button --> Can be used to send the messages typed in the Text Box . The text would then be used as an input and then You recieve the reply from bot
	       4) Text Box --> Can be used to type the messages you want to send to the bot for communication with the bot
	       5) Chat History --> Can be used to see the messages sent by you or recieved from the Bot

KeyBind -: 1) Info Button --> You can use the Shift + I Key Combination on your keyboard to Quickly access the info File .
	   2) Exit Button --> You can use the Esc Key on your keyboard to Quit the program
	   3) Send Button --> You can use the Enter/Return Key on your keyboard to Send the message to the Bot

Sentences you can try to get your communication with the Bot Started -: 
1) Hello
2) Hi There!
3) Thanks
4) That's Helpful
5) What does kindness mean?
6) What is meant by Kindness?
7) What is the importance of kindness?
8) Why is kindness important?
9) How does being kind to someone make you feel?
10) How will I feel after being kind to someone?
11) How can one be kind?
12) How can i be Kind to someone?
13) How can I cheer people to be kind?
14) How can I encourage people to be kind to other people?
15) Do you think being kind can change the world?
16) Do you believe kindness can change the world?
17) Is being a kind person troublesome?
18) Is being a kind person easier said than done?

--> Thank you for Reading the Information Guide . Now you can continue using The Program as you now have a better Understanding of the Functioning of The Chatbot
--> I Hope you have also tried some of the above mentioned Sentences and have recieved an Accurate Result.
--> You can report errors by mailing them to me at pratyakshkwatra@gmail.com
--> Quick Tip -: Using the KeyBinds will make your experience Faster , Smoother and more effecient

Kindness Chatbot by Pratyaksh Kwatra